Update documentation for live editing use case (#491)
awslabs/mountpoint-s3: README.md

but probably not the right fit for applications that:
* use file operations that S3 doesn't natively support, like directory renaming or symlinks

> * make edits or appends to existing files in-place (don't work on your Git repository or SQLite database in Mountpoint 😄)
> * live editing files with text editors like vi

Reviewer: Think I'd probably just fold this into the previous bullet like this:
```suggestion
* make edits to existing files (don't work on your Git repository or run `vim` in Mountpoint 😄)
```
